Add link to documentation for approved tags and use cases (#2254)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where the suggestion in case of `IF113` included uppercase letters for the `cliName` parameter.
* Added new validation to the **validate** command to fail and list all the file paths of files that are using a deprecated integration command / script / playbook.
* **validate** will no longer fail on playbooks calling subplaybooks that have a higher `fromVersion` value, if  calling the subplaybook has `skipifunavailable=True`.

> * Added link to documentation for approved use cases and tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added link to documentation for error messages regarding use cases and tags.
```
